Unpause media when foregrounded (#1046)
twilio/twilio-video.js: CHANGELOG.md

For 1.x changes, go [here](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-video.js/blob/support-1.x/CHANGELOG.md).

2.6.0 (in progress)

> ===================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===================

Changes
-------
```

  LocalAudioTrack's `mediaStreamTrack` property will now point to the newly acquired MediaStreamTrack, and
  the `started` event is fired again on the LocalAudioTrack. The `id` of the LocalAudioTrack is now no longer
  guaranteed to be equal to the `id` of the MediaStreamTrack. Also, if you want to listen to events on the
  MediaStreamTrack, we recommend that you do so in the `started` event handler, since it guarantees that you
  are always listening to events on the most recently acquired MediaStreamTrack. (JSDK-2828)

```js
const { createLocalAudioTrack } = require('twilio-video');

const localAudioTrack = await createLocalAudioTrack();

function onMute() {
  console.log('MediaStreamTrack muted!');
}

function onUnmute() {
  console.log('MediaStreamTrack unmuted!');
}

localAudioTrack.on('started', () => {
  const { mediaStreamTrack } = localAudioTrack;
  mediaStreamTrack.addEventListener('mute', onMute);
  mediaStreamTrack.addEventListener('unmute', onUnmute);
});

localAudioTrack.on('stopped', () => {
  const { mediaStreamTrack } = localAudioTrack;
  mediaStreamTrack.removeEventListener('mute', onMute);
  mediaStreamTrack.removeEventListener('unmute', onUnmute);
});
```

> - Worked around iOS Safari [bug](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=212780) which caused remote
>   tracks to stay in paused state, even after safari gains foreground. To workaround this twilio-video
>   will now play the remote tracks that were paused when safari gains foreground.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Worked around iOS Safari [bug](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=212780) where, when the application is foregrounded, it sometimes does not resume playback of the HTMLMediaElements attached to RemoteTracks that are paused when the application is backgrounded.
```
